[Autogenerated] And with this, I think we are done with this module.
A letters quickly wrap it up.
What did you learn in this last module?
Well,
you learn how to configure eclipse toe work with
Tomcat and to interact with Tomcat.
We created a basic Java ee project on the Maven Java E project,
which is most of the time what you will be doing if you're
working in a really production environment.
And we configure the crepes to launch this project,
using Tomcat to start and stop Tomcat and to launch it in debug mode way.
So how to use the Cliff's graphical user interface to create
some of the elements of a Web application?
Er we saw the serve.
Let the html file on the Djebbour silver page filer.
It's basically the same for Web servicers and arrest service.
Soza, you So how to launch Tomcat on how to debug it?
And you saw that in two configuration a development configuration with their
local tomcat installed on the possibility to de burgh your web application in a
remote tomcat using the debug features off the JV M.
And at last we saw how to package the war filer to deploy a Web
application using the warp again off may even.
And since this is the last Majola off this course,
it is also time to rub this course EPA.
What did you learn in it?
Well, we covered quite a lot of ground.
In fact, this cause was all about eclipse for Java.
Deborah Poza,
you saw the most useful tasks you have to master as a Java developer.
Using eclipse Configure Java project Choose the right J D.
K and change it if you need it.
Create a project with Mariana.
Megan is really a de facto standard nowadays in the Java space.
So learning how to use may burn through your I d is really a
most use get for source control management get is also a de
facto standard in the Java space.
So we saw that how to use git through the Eclipse graphical interface,
including interacting with get Herber interacting with databases of without
having to launch external tools to do that Very useful on at last create de
burger on package Web applications using both the Java e pra Geena of a creeps
on the Java e maven Pugin that we have any Crips.
That's it for the schools.
I hope you found it interesting.
You can follow me on Twitter for up to date technical
information on the jealous base.
And you can also check my open source projects on my get up account,
including many Java things.
Thank you for watching this course.
I really hope you enjoyed it on. I hope we will meet again on another cause here on parasite.